Disclaimers
The statements made and opinions expressed belong exclusively to the authors and are not shared by or
represent the viewpoint of Scrum.org. Scrum Lake does not constitute an endorsement of any product, service or point of view. Scrum.org makes no
The statements made and opinions expressed belong exclusively to the authors and are not necessarily shared by or
represent the viewpoint of any official organisation. Scrum Lake does not constitute an endorsement of any product, service or point of view. We make no
representations, warranties or assurances of any kind, express or implied, as to the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability, availability or currency of the content contained on this website.

All images and content contained on this website are expressly the property of its authors and may not be re-produced or re-used with prior written permission.




Vision
For professionals interested in the Scrum framework, Scrum Lake is a place to share stories, discuss techniques and take a deeper dive into the Scrum Guide with fellow adventurers.



Scrum Lake has been created by John Albrecht and Ryan Brook as a way to dive deeper into scrum


About
Scrum Lake is simple, but difficult to navigate.
It's an analogy for the complex environment that the Scrum framework works within. 
At its surface, it's turbulent, choppy, and unclear. At it's depths, it's dark, uncharted and mysterious. 
As you and your team gain a deeper understanding of how to apply Scrum within your domain, you move deeper into Scrum Lake, hoping to make the unknown, transparent. 
We hope that the deeper you explore, the more value you may find.
Scrum Lake uses analogies and metaphors to help explain tough Scrum concepts. 
It contains treasure chests, mirrors, submarines and many more hidden within its waters. 
By creating common references, we hope it solidifies the value of the individual components of Scrum.
Throughout our experience of working with teams, we've found that people learn through story telling and sharing common experiences. 
By creating a bounded environment, Scrum Lake enables participants to co-create their own discovery and learn new techniques without being overwhelmed by theory.
All of our workshops are facilitated by experiences Scrum practitioners. 
If you're interested in attending, please check out our upcoming workshops!